♪♪♪
(Meredith) FOR MOST PEOPLE,
A HOSPITAL
IS A SCARY PLACE...
A HOSTILE PLACE...
(pager beeping)
MM.
OW! OH.
SORRY.
OW. (chuckles)
IT'S MINE.
(woman)
♪ MAYBE I JUST LIKE THE SOUND ♪
(door opens)
(sobbing)
A PLACE
WHERE BAD THINGS HAPPEN.
(woman continues sobbing)
♪ EVERY TOUCH ♪
♪ OF EVERY SCENE ♪
(pours liquid)
OH.
YOU CAN'T PAY WITH THAT.
OH. IT'S, UH...
IT'S MY A.A. CHIP.
SIX MONTHS SOBER.
GOOD FOR YOU.
MOST PEOPLE WOULD PREFER
CHURCH OR SCHOOL...
OR HOME.
(crunching)
(spoon clatters)
(sniffling)
(blows nose)
DAMN IT. (voice breaks)
WILL YOU STOP CRYING?
(voice breaks)
YOU STOP CRYING.
(crying)
(cries)
♪♪♪
BUT I... GREW UP HERE.
♪ HOLDING US BACK,
HOLDING US BACK ♪
WHILE MY MOM WAS ON ROUNDS,
I LEARNED TO READ
IN THE O.R. GALLERY,
I PLAYED IN THE MORGUE,
I COLORED WITH CRAYONS
ON OLD E.R. CHARTS.
THE HOSPITAL WAS MY CHURCH...
(speaking indistinctly)
MY SCHOOL...
MY HOME.
(door closes)
THE HOSPITAL
WAS MY SAFE PLACE...
(exhales deeply)
MY SANCTUARY.
I LOVE IT HERE.
(heart beating)
♪ WHAT'S HOLDING US BACK? ♪
(heartbeat continues)
CORRECTION--
LOVED IT HERE.
NO WAY.
YEAH.
NO FREAKIN' WAY.
RIGHT?
OH, MY GOD.
O-OKAY. UM...
WERE YOU TRYING TO G--
NO. TOTAL ACCIDENT.
I USED THE THING.
OH, SO ARE WE HAPPY,
UH, ABOUT THIS?
OR ARE WE EXERCISING
OUR LEGAL RIGHT TO CHOOSE?
(laughs) OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
(laughs)
CONGRATULATIONS.
LET'S HUG IT OUT.
OKAY.
OH, MY GOD. ARE YOU--ARE YOU--
ARE YOU GONNA TELL HIM?
HAVE YOU TOLD HIM?
NO, I JUST FOUND OUT.
(pagers beeping)
OH, TEDDY.
DEREK.
WELL, ARE YOU GONNA
TELL HIM NOW?
YEAH.
OKAY.
HOW IS THE TEDDY
AND OWEN THING GOING?
OH. OH, FANTASTIC.
IT'S GOING GREAT.
I'M COMPLETELY OVER IT.
(sighs deeply)
THIS IS VERY ADULT.
I'M REALLY PROUD OF YOU,
MEREDITH GREY.
I'M PROUD OF ME, TOO?
YES, YES. (laughs)
OKAY. (laughs)
HEY, I HOPE IT HAS HIS HAIR.
ME, TOO.
(indistinct conversations)
DO YOU KNOW WHERE I COULD
FIND THE CHIEF OF SURGERY?
EXCUSE ME.
CHIEF OF SURGERY?
NO IDEA. SORRY.
GO ASK A NURSE
IF YOU CAN FIND 'EM.
YOU PAGED?
SHE'S IN A LOT OF PAIN.
OKAY.
UH, RUBY KENDALL, AGE 9.
FEVER, TENDERNESS OVER
McBURNEY'S POINT.
ALL RIGHT, APPENDIX.
LET ME CHECK YOUR BELLY.
(inhales sharply) OW.
OH, YEAH. YOU HAVE
A VERY ANGRY APPENDIX.
(woman) THAT'S SURGERY?
SHE NEEDS SURGERY?
YES, SHE DOES,
BUT THE GOOD NEWS IS,
IT'S THE EASIEST SURGERY
IN THE WORLD.
I MEAN, SHE'S A BABY SURGEON
AND SHE COULD DO IT. (laughs)
WHAT, YOU'RE GONNA
LET ME DO IT?
YOU'RE GOING TO LET HER
DO THE SURGERY?
OH, NO, NO, NO, NO.
NO, OF COURSE NOT.
I'M GONNA DO IT.
I'M KINDA FABULOUS AT IT.
AND, RUBY, YOU ARE GONNA
BE OUTTA HERE BY TOMORROW
WITH A TEENY,
TINY LITTLE SCAR
AND A VERY GOOD EXCUSE TO HAVE
YOUR PARENTS FEED YOU ICE CREAM
EVERY NIGHT OF THE WEEK.
DR. GREY, ADMIT HER TO PEDS
AND MAKE SURE SHE'S COMFORTABLE
WHILE WE GET AN O.R.
(sighs) WHAT?
JASON PERKINS, 6 YEAR OLD WITH
A COMMINUTED TIBIA FRACTURE.
AND YOU COULD BE NICER TO ME,
'CAUSE HE PEED HIS PANTS,
AND I CLEANED IT UP
BEFORE YOU GOT HERE.
SORRY.
GOOD MAN, ALEX. THANKS.
HI.
(woman speaks indistinctly
over p.a.)
(pager beeps)
(panting)
YOU GOT PAGED, TOO?
COME ON, TEDDY.
CRISTINA'S NOT TALKING TO ME.
YOU'RE NOT TALKING TO ME.
COME ON.
I DON'T WANT
TO TALK ABOUT IT.
TO GO OVER AGAIN
HOW YOU TOLD DEREK
TO GIVE MY JOB AWAY.
I DON'T WANT TO DISCUSS IT
OR HEAR YOU APOLOGIZE
OR FORGIVE YOU OR ANYTHING.
YOU KNOW WHAT I WANT?
A LITTLE BIT OF PEACE.
(Jackson) START ANOTHER I.V.
GET AN 18-GUAGE.
WHAT DO WE GOT?
GET READY TO MOVE HIM.
(door closes)
(sighs)
SHUT UP.
I'M SORRY.
I'M TRULY SORRY.
(sighs) HONEY,
ARE YOU HEARING THIS?
I TOLD YOU. YOU KNOW,
I TOLD HER, DR. BAILEY?
THAT DOESN'T MEAN
I LIKE IT.
I REALLY CAN'T HAVE
MY SECOND SURGERY TODAY?
DR. PERCY?
YOUR HEMOGLOBIN AND HEMATOCRIT
ARE EXTREMELY LOW.
YOUR TANK IS EMPTY.
YOU NEED A BLOOD TRANSFUSION
BEFORE WE CAN OPERATE.
SHUT UP.
YES, MA'AM. (chuckles)
(sighs) DO YOU KNOW HOW LONG
I'VE BEEN LIVING
WITH A COLOSTOMY BAG?
A BAG OF MY POOP
IS ATTACHED TO ME.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT THAT'S LIKE?
IT'S GROSS.
IT'S TRULY THE GROSSEST THING
I'VE EVER HAD TO DEAL WITH.
AND I'M STARVING
BECAUSE I CAN'T EAT SOLID FOOD
FOR 24 HOURS BEFORE SURGERY.
STARVING. I WOULD EAT YOU
IF I COULD.
YEAH, ON THE PLUS SIDE,
THAT MEANS NO POOP IN THE BAG.
(whispers) BILL.
(laughs) OKAY, WE'RE GONNA GET
SOME BLOOD AND URINE.
DR, PERCY IS GONNA MONITOR
YOUR BLOOD LEVELS.
AND TOMORROW, WE'LL SEE IF WE
CAN HELP LOSE THE POOP BAG.
AND LET'S GET YOU SOME FOOD
SO YOU DON'T EAT DR. PERCY.
I DON'T LIKE HIM,
BUT HE'S USEFUL.
CAN I HAVE REAL FOOD?
LIKE PIZZA...
FROM THAT ONE PLACE
NEAR THAT ONE SPOT
WITH, UM, PEPPERONI
AND SAUSAGE AND HAM?
IF YOU GET THE PIZZA,
YOU ALSO GET
THE BOWEL PREP AND ENEMA
THAT COMES WITH IT.
TOTALLY WORTH THE PIZZA!
BRING IT ON.
BACK IN 15 MINUTES.
MM.
OH, HOW HOT
IS MY HUSBAND'S ASS?
IT'S... VERY HOT, MA'AM.
(elevator bell dings)
(indistinct conversations)
HE'S DEAD, ISN'T HE?
IS HE DEAD?
HE'S NOT DEAD, MA'AM. OKAY?
OH.
YOU CAN'T GO IN THERE.
THE DOCTORS ARE WORKING.
HE HAS
A SERIOUS GUNSHOT WOUND.
THEY NEED TO BE ABLE
TO CONCENTRATE ON--
THEY SAID THAT HE WAS
IN A CAR ACCIDENT.
HE--HE WAS SHOT?
SOMEONE SHOT HIM? OH! OH!
I-I--
PETE. OH, MY GOD. PETE!
PLEASE.
WAIT. PLEASE. PETE. PETE?
(Owen) EXTEND YOUR INCISION.
THIS GUY HIT ME.
(Teddy) USE
A LITTLE MORE PRESSURE.
GOOD. OKAY, GET IN THERE
WITH THE HEMOSTATS.
I STOPPED THE CAR TO GIVE HIM
MY INSURANCE CARD.
(woman)
STATS ARE STILL DROPPING.
I-I GET OUT...
AND HE SHOOTS ME.
(Teddy) APPLY
SOME MORE PRESSURE. GOOD.
AVERY, PUT YOUR BODY WEIGHT
INTO IT.
(woman) SYSTOLIC IN THE 70s.
(Jackson) I'M IN. CHEST TUBE.
HOW COULD...
WAIT. PETE? PETE?!
BAG HIM.
THERE'S BLOOD IN HIS CHEST.
CLAMP THAT. GOT THE PORT-A-VAC.
(woman) CLAMP HERE.
CALL THE O.R. TELL THEM
WE'RE ON OUR WAY.
LET'S GET HIM READY
TO TRANSPORT.
THEY'RE TAKING HIM TO SURGERY.
PLEASE, HE'S MY HUSBAND!
LET ME SAY GOOD-BYE. PLEASE.
LET--LET HER--LET HER
SAY GOOD-BYE.
(Teddy)
OWEN, THERE'S NO TIME.
GOOD-BYE, BABY.
I LOVE YOU. I LOVE YOU, OKAY?
DON'T DIE, 'CAUSE I LOVE YOU.
OH, GOD. WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
OUT OF HERE NOW.
CHEST TUBE SECURE.
YOU WASTED TIME
THERE WASN'T TIME TO WASTE.
THERE WAS TIME.
THAT MIGHT BE THE LAST TIME
SHE SEES THE MAN SHE LOVES.
THERE WAS TIME.
YOU PAGED? OH, ARE YOU
HEADING TO THE O.R.?
YEAH, BUT I NEED YOU TO COVER
MY POST-OPS. I'M SORRY.
I'M--I'M NOT GOING
INTO SURGERY WITH YOU?
CRISTINA--
I'M TALKING TO DR. ALTMAN.
I NEED YOU TO COVER
MY POST-OPS.
OKAY. FINE.
NO PROBLEM. I'LL DO IT.
LET'S GO.
(indistinct conversations)
(Owen)
OKAY, WE'RE RUNNING.
(man) WATCH OUT.
(man) COMING THROUGH.
CLEAR THAT HALL.
(indistinct conversations)
EXCUSE ME. I WAS ASKING
IF SOMEONE COULD TELL ME
WHERE I COULD FIND
THE CHIEF--
I'M SORRY, SIR.
IF YOU COULD JUST
GIVE ME A MINUTE, OKAY?
(woman speaks indistinctly
over p.a.)
(woman) COMING THROUGH.
(man) YEAH, IT IS.
THE LEAD WAS LOOSE.
(woman) OKAY, I'LL LET HIM KNOW.
HOLD ON.
(paper rustling)
EXCUSE ME, MA'AM.
IT'S DOCTOR. WHAT?
I WAS WONDERING
IF YOU COULD TELL ME
WHERE I COULD FIND
DR. DEREK SHEPHERD?
UM, YOU KNOW,
I DON'T KNOW.
CAN YOU TELL ME
WHERE HIS OFFICE IS?
I'M KINDA
TURNED AROUND HERE.
SIR, YOU KNOW, I HAVE A PATIENT
HAVING SEIZURES IN THERE.
GO FIND A NURSE
AND ASK THEM.
MA'AM.
LOOK, YOU'RE NOT EVEN
SUPPOSED TO BE BACK HERE.
I'M NOT A TOUR GUIDE.
I'M A SURGEON. OKAY?
(shell casing clatters)
(blood gushing)
DUDE, WHAT THE--
OH!
(shell casing clatters)
(blood gushes)
(elevator bell dings)
(grunts)
(panting)
(grunting)
(gasping)
(motor whirs)
HEY. YOU PAGED?
YEAH, I LIKE TO SAY HELLO
TO MY WIFE EVERY 48 HOURS.
YOU DIDN'T COME HOME
LAST NIGHT.
I TOLD YOU, EVERY TUESDAY NIGHT,
I'M TROLLING FOR CASES.
LAST NIGHT, A GUY
CRASHED HIS MOTORCYCLE,
HAD REBAR JAMMED IN THE BASE
OF HIS SKULL,
AND SHADOW SHEPHERD
LET ME DO THE EXTRACTION.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'VE BEEN DOING?
PAPERWORK. YOU KNOW WHAT I HAVE
TO LOOK FORWARD TO TODAY?
MORE PAPERWORK.
THIS JOB IS JUST--
I WOULD LOVE TO HAVE SOMETHING
JAMMED IN MY BRAIN.
THAT WAY, I'D SEE
THE INSIDE OF AN O.R.
OKAY.
WELL, UH, ARE YOU GONNA
COME HOME EARLY TONIGHT?
BECAUSE WE CAN ORDER IN, AND I
HAVE SOME STUFF TO TELL YOU.
YEAH. I'LL BE THERE.
I HAVE TO GO.
I'M ON SLOAN'S POST-OPS.
I HATE THAT YOU'RE SO HAPPY.
DEREK, THERE'S GONNA BE A LOT
OF DIRTY SEX FOR YOU TONIGHT.
LOOK FORWARD TO THAT.
(door closes)
HMM.
I'M LOOKING AT INJURIES TO
THE PULMONARY ARTERY AND VEIN.
HOLD PRESSURE IN THERE.
(Jackson) MORE LAP BANDS.
LET'S TRY A TEMPORARY
SATINSKY CLAMP.
DR. ALTMAN, MR. LINEHAN
HAS HEMOLYTIC ANEMIA
AND ELEVATED L.D.H.
I SUSPECT
POST-OPERATIVE T.T.P.
SHALL I START
EXCHANGE PLASMAPHERESIS?
YES. GOOD CATCH, CRISTINA.
HOLD ON, DR. YANG. WE NEED
TO OPEN UP THE PERICARDIUM
TO GAIN PROXIMAL CONTROL.
DR. YANG SHOULD SCRUB IN.
AND MR. LINEHAN CAN WAIT
FOR AN HOUR.
UH, NO, THANK YOU.
I'D RATHER NOT SCRUB IN.
KEEP THIS STABLE.
DR. ALTMAN,
I WILL BE RIGHT BACK.
CRISTINA--
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU PURSUED ME. I DIDN'T--
I GAVE YOU AN OUT,
AND YOU PURSUED ME.
YOU SAID--YOU SAID--
AND I STILL--
DO YOU LOVE HER?
OR DO YOU LOVE ME?
I'M DONE. WE'RE DONE.
WH--CRISTINA--
I'M DONE.
♪♪♪
(door closes)
(thuds)
(whimpers)
(grunts)
OH.
(blood squishing)
(man) ♪ ...IN OUR BLOOD ♪
♪ WHEN IT SPRUNG AWAKE ♪
(mutters)
♪ WITH A HUNGER STRONG ♪
♪ IT PULLED US IN ♪
(inhales sharply)
(mutters)
(cries)
♪ ALL THIS STORY... ♪
DR. KEPNER.
♪ ALONE ♪
APRIL, WHAT IS IT?
DID YOU KNOW I--
I GREW UP ON A FARM?
WHAT HAPPENED?
I, UH, I GREW UP ON A FARM,
SO, YOU KNOW, BLOOD--
BLOOD DOESN'T--
DOESN'T BOTHER ME.
I...
I SLAUGHTERED A PIG ONCE.
THAT WAS A LOT OF BLOOD.
BLEEDING LIKE A STUCK PIG--
YOU KNOW, THAT'S
A--THAT'S A SAYING.
TO BLEED LIKE A PIG,
YOU KNOW, IT MEANS SOMETHING.
BUT YOU DON'T--
YOU DON'T THINK OF PEOPLE
AS HAVING THAT M-MUCH BLOOD.
YOU LEARN IN MED SCHOOL HOW MANY
PINTS WE ALL HAVE IN US,
BUT YOU DON'T REALIZE IT
UNTIL YOU SEE IT.
YOU DON'T GET
HOW M--HOW MUCH BLOOD--
AND A SKINNY PERSON. I MEAN,
MY GOD, REED, SHE'S--SHE'S--
SHE, LIKE, ALMOST ANOREXIC.
SHE'S LIKE 5 POUNDS.
YOU--YOU WOULDN'T THINK SHE'D
HAVE THAT MUCH BLOOD IN HER,
BUT SHE--SHE DID.
SHE DID. I MEAN, SHE--SHE--
APRIL. APRIL. APRIL. APRIL.
APRIL. APRIL. SHH.
YOU'RE IN SHOCK.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED.
REED'S DEAD.
SOMEONE SHOT HER.
(sobs)
(elevator bell dings)
(indistinct conversations)
(doors close)
(motor whirring)
EXCUSE ME. COULD YOU TELL ME
WHERE TO FIND THE CHIEF?
DR. SHEPHERD? HE'S, UH,
PROBABLY IN HIS OFFICE.
YEAH, I'VE BEEN
TO HIS OFFICE BEFORE.
I CAN'T SEEM TO REMEMBER
HOW TO GET THERE.
I KEEP GOING IN CIRCLES.
IT'S--IT'S IN THE EAST WING.
THAT'S OVER BY LABS,
ACROSS THE CATWALK.
SORRY? THAT'S--
YOU JUST GOTTA CROSS THROUGH
THE PATIENT FLOOR ON THREE,
AND THEN FOLLOW THE SIGNS
TO THE MAIN LOBBY,
AND THEN YOU SHOULD FIND IT
NO PROBLEM.
THANK YOU.
MM-HMM.
(ding)
(doors open)
(indistinct conversations)
HAVE A NICE DAY.
YOU, TOO.
(gasping)
(Derek) THE POLICE
ARE ON THEIR WAY.
WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE? YOU'RE
THE HEAD OF HOSPITAL SECURITY.
HOW DO YOU NOT KNOW? I KNOW
IT'S NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE.
OH, I FOUND IT. LOCKDOWN.
NOBODY MOVES IN OR OUT.
YEAH. NOBODY MOVES,
NOBODY BREATHES
UNTIL WE KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON.
HERE.
THE POLICE
ARE ALMOST HERE.
I'M GONNA LEAVE YOU HERE. YOU
GONNA BE OKAY BY YOURSELF?
YOU'RE LEAVING? YOU--YOU JUST
SAID THAT--THAT NOBODY LEAVES,
NOBODY MOVES, NOBODY BREATHES.
NOBODY BUT ME.
I'M THE CHIEF.
THIS IS MY HOSPITAL.
BUT WHAT IF YOU GET SHOT
OR--OR--
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
I'M THE CHIEF.
(door closes)
(exhales)
(sirens wailing)
(wailing continues)
(indistinct conversations)
UH, JASON PERKINS?
UH, I GOT THE CHART HERE
SOMEWHERE.
PEDS.
CAN YOU PAGE THE YOUNGER
DR. GREY FOR ME
AND TELL HER TO GET
MY APPY MOVING?
WE'RE ON LOCKDOWN.
WHAT? WHY?
OH, COME ON.
WELL, IT'S A JOKE, RIGHT?
IT'S A DRILL OR SOMETHING?
(pagers beeping)
(Arizona) OKAY.
IT'S NO JOKE.
EVERYONE. EVERYONE.
WE'RE SEALING THE FLOOR.
I DON'T KNOW WHY,
AND IT DOESN'T MATTER WHY,
BUT NOBODY GOES IN OR OUT
PAST THE DOUBLE DOORS.
YOU CHECK ON YOUR OWN PATIENTS,
AND THEN YOU COME BACK
AND CHECK AND SEE IF THERE'S
ANY OTHERS IN THE QUEUE.
WE DON'T HAVE
A LOT OF HANDS ON DECK.
AND, PEOPLE, DO NOT ALARM
THE MAKERS OF THE TINY HUMANS.
THEY WILL EAT YOU ALIVE.
(woman) LET'S GO.
I REALLY THOUGHT
THAT WAS A JOKE.
(chuckles) A SICK JOKE.
EXCUSE ME?
UH, NOTHING.
(scoffs) WHAT?
WHAT, YOU CAN'T BE STUCK
ON THE SAME FLOOR AS ME?
THAT'S A HARDSHIP FOR YOU?
UH, YEAH. FRANKLY, IT IS.
HEY. HOW ARE WE?
BILL HASN'T COME BACK
WITH MY PIZZA YET,
SO STILL STARVING.
(laughs)
BUT FULL OF FRESH BLOOD,
WHICH IS DISGUSTING,
LIKE I'M A VAMPIRE.
MARY,
YOU COMPLAIN TOO MUCH.
BUT I DO IT WITH A SMILE.
(chuckles) FACE IT.
I'M AN AWESOME PATIENT.
I MAKE YOUR DAY.
(pager beeps)
HMM. (whispers) LET'S SEE.
WHAT'S WRONG?
NOTHING.
J-JUST A... PAGE.
(Teddy) I CAN'T GET CONTROL
OF THIS ARTERY.
HE'S CRASHING.
ALL RIGHT, I NEED MORE LIGHT
AND ANOTHER CLAMP.
(monitor beeping erratically)
HOW'S IT GOING IN HERE?
TOUCH AND GO.
AVERY, YOU GOT A SECOND?
(beeping continues)
HAS ANYBODY
CHECKED THEIR PAGER?
NO, WE'VE BEEN TOO BUSY.
THERE'S A SHOOTER
IN THE HOSPITAL.
I DON'T WANT YOU TO SAY A WORD.
WHEN THE PATIENT IS STABLE...
I WANT YOU TO TELL
HUNT AND ALTMAN
THAT NOBODY GOES OUT OF HERE
UNTIL THEY ARE TOLD.
CAN YOU HANDLE THIS?
YES, SIR.
ALL RIGHT.
(beeping continues)
(Owen) OKAY.
OKAY, B.P. IS DROPPING.
I'VE ALMOST GOT THE PULMONARY
ARTERY UNDER CONTROL.
JUST GIVE ME ONE MORE SECOND.
WHAT DID SHEPHERD WANT?
(exhales)
DR. AVERY?
NOTHING. UM, JUST WANTED
TO KNOW HOW LONG WE'D BE.
HE NEEDS THE O.R. NEXT.
OKAY, GET IN HERE
AND SUCTION AROUND
WHERE DR. ALTMAN'S WORKING.
(beeping continues)
SHAKY HANDS, DR. AVERY?
WON'T MAKE IT AS A SURGEON
IF YOU CAN'T KEEP
YOUR HANDS STEADY.
YES, SIR.
HEY.
DID YOU GET THAT PAGE?
LOCKDOWN?
YEAH. I MEAN, WHATEVER.
IT MEANS WE CAN'T LEAVE.
I NEVER LEAVE HERE ANYWAY
SO WHAT DO I CARE?
(laughs)
YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT'S PROBABLY JUST A DRILL.
OR, LIKE,
A PSYCH PATIENT GOT OUT
OR A BABY WENT MISSING
FROM THE NURSERY...
OR THERE'S A--THERE'S
AN AX MURDERER ON THE LOOSE.
AX MURDERER WOULD BE FUN.
MM-HMM. SO?
HOW DID HE REACT?
I MEAN, WAS HIS WORLD
MADE WHOLE
BECAUSE YOUR WOMB
IS NOT EMPTY AND DRY?
DID HE WEEP
LIKE A BITCH BABY?
I DIDN'T TELL HIM
BECAUSE HE WAS IN A MOOD.
SO I'LL TELL HIM
LATER TONIGHT OR SOMETHING.
I MEAN, IT SHOULD BE SPECIAL,
RIGHT?
WELL, I MEAN,
YOU FOUND OUT
IN THE LADIES ROOM
SQUATTING OVER A STICK.
I MEAN,
THAT WASN'T VERY SPECIAL.
WHY DOES HE GET SPECIAL?
I DON'T KNOW. I FEEL LIKE
MY HEAD'S GONNA POP OFF
BECAUSE I HAVEN'T TOLD HIM
AND I WANT TO AND I HATE THAT.
IT'S GOOD NEWS.
HE SHOULD KNOW, RIGHT?
MM-HMM.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M TELLING HIM NOW.
OKAY.
WHAT--
WELL, I'M COMING.
WELL, I WANT TO SEE
THE BITCH BABY TEARS.
CRISTINA--
I'LL JUST STAND IN THE HALLWAY.
HE'LL NEVER KNOW I'M THERE.
I, UM...
I-I BROKE UP WITH OWEN.
OKAY?
OH.
OKAY.
COME ON.
THEY WANT ATTENDING APPROVAL
TO DO THE AUDITORY
EVOKED POTENTIALS.
CAN YOU SIGN FOR IT?
LOCKDOWN. KINDA CRAZY, RIGHT?
YOU THINK IT'S, UH, SERIOUS?
CAN YOU JUST SIGN THE ORDER?
THIS KAREV THING SERIOUS?
MARK.
I MISS YOU.
CAN YOU JUST SIGN THE ORDER?
SIR, YOU CAN'T LEAVE
THIS AREA. THE HOSPITAL IS IN--
(gunfire)
(screaming)
(man) GET DOWN! GET DOWN!
GET DOWN!
(woman) WHAT JUST HAPPENED?!
(man) HE SHOT THE NURSE!
(man) GET DOWN!
(indistinct screaming)
(woman)
SOMEONE CALL THE POLICE!
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
NO, NO. VIVIAN.
(Mark) COME ON.
COME ON.
SHE'S DEAD. SHE'S--
I'M GETTING YOU OUT OF HERE.
COME ON.
(man) MOVE, MOVE, MOVE!
(man) OUT OF MY WAY.
GET OUT OF MY WAY.
(woman) OH, MY GOD.
OH, MY GOD.
COME ON! COME ON!
(elevator bell dings)
(Lexie panting)
(indistinct screaming)
(people speaking indistinctly)
(siren whoops)
(man) GO CORNER TO CORNER.
(man speaks indistinctly)
(siren wails)
EXCUSE ME.
...COUPLE GUYS
AND GO AROUND.
HAVE YOU TALKED TO
THE ADMINISTRATOR?
(man) NO, SIR.
OFFICER,
WHAT'S THE SITUATION?
SIR, YOU GOTTA STAND BACK.
LOOK, I'M RICHARD WEBBER.
I'M--I'M THE CHIEF--
I'M THE FORMER--
LOOK, THIS IS MY HOSPITAL.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
A SHOOTER TOOK DOWN
ONE OF THE DOCTORS.
AND WE'RE NOT SURE WHETHER
OR NOT HE'S STILL INSIDE.
NO, SIR, SIR, SIR.
NO ONE IN, NO ONE OUT.
THE--THE S.W.A.T. TEAM
IS ON THE WAY, SIR.
NO ONE IN, NO ONE OUT.
ARE YOU EVACUATING PEOPLE? ARE
YOU GETTING THEM OUT OF THERE?
BECAUSE--
DEPARTMENT POLICY
IS A LOCKDOWN.
UNTIL WE KNOW
WHO THE SHOOTER IS,
WHERE THE SHOOTER IS, EVERYONE
STAYS IN THE SAME PLACE.
IT'S SAFER THAT WAY.
THOSE ARE MY PEOPLE IN THERE.
IF SOMEONE IS SHOOTING, I'D--
MY GUYS HAVE THIS. WE DO.
WE'RE GONNA TAKE CARE OF IT.
OKAY?
(helicopter blades whirring)
OKAY.
(sirens wailing)
WHAT--WHAT--WHAT HAPPENED?
(people speaking indistinctly)
(Alex groaning)
I GRABBED EVERYTHING
I COULD THINK OF.
I AM... SO...
INCREDIBLY PISSED OFF
RIGHT NOW.
ALEX, YOU'VE BEEN SHOT.
WE HAVE TO GET HIM
OUT OF HERE.
HE COULD COME BACK, MARK.
WE HAVE TO GET HIM OUT OF HERE.
THERE'S NO EXIT WOUND.
NO EXIT WOUND.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO FLIP HIM.
LEXIE, GRAB HIM
UNDER THE SHOULDERS.
WE HAVE TO GET HIM OUTTA HERE.
LEXIE, HE'S LOSING BLOOD.
WE CAN'T MOVE HIM.
(Alex moans and grunts)
NOW SHUT UP AND HELP.
AH. OH.
(panting)
NOTHING.
OH, DAMN. THE BULLET'S
STILL IN THERE SOMEWHERE.
(moaning)
WE'RE JUST GONNA HAVE TO
WING IT. START AN I.V.
I'LL SET UP A CHEST TUBE.
YOU'RE GONNA BE OKAY, ALEX.
ALL RIGHT?
I'M--I'M--
I'M GONNA KICK THAT GUY'S ASS
WHEN I SEE HIM.
(grunts and gasps)
HAS ANYBODY SEEN
OLIVIA KAGAN'S CHART?
UH, I NEED ALBUTEROL NEBS
FOR THE ASTHMA KID.
IT'S TIME FOR 18's DOSE OF
CEFTRIAXONE. 34 NEEDS HIS MOMMY.
AND THE KID IN 35
WON'T STOP CRYING.
WE HAVE, WHAT, 42 KIDS,
FOUR DOCTORS AND NINE NURSES?
IT'S NOT ENOUGH.
ALL RIGHT.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST PUT
ALL THE KIDS IN THE PLAYROOM?
I MEAN, WE DON'T HAVE
ENOUGH STAFF FOR A WHOLE FLOOR.
SO AT LEAST THEY'LL ALL BE
IN ONE PLACE, ONE BIG ROOM.
WE CAN KEEP AN EYE
ON ALL THE KIDS AT ONCE.
YOU CAN'T PUT A BUNCH
OF SICK KIDS IN THE PLAYROOM
WITH THEIR BEDS
AND EVERYTHING--
N-SURE--SURE WE CAN.
STABLE ONES CAN WALK,
AND WE HAVE WHEELCHAIRS,
SO LET'S DO IT. MOVE.
THANKS.
WHATEVER. (sighs)
WELL, DO YOU WANT
TO TALK ABOUT IT?
NO.
OWEN, I MEAN.
I KNOW WHAT YOU MEAN.
I DON'T WANT TO--
I, UM, I-I CAN'T.
IT'S JUST...
OKAY, HE DOESN'T KNOW,
YOU KNOW, WHO HE LOVES,
AND IF IT'S NOT ME, THEN...
I DON'T WANT
TO TALK ABOUT IT.
LET'S TALK ABOUT
SOMETHING ELSE.
OKAY.
YOU REALIZE, YOU'RE ABOUT
TO BE A GODMOTHER?
I'M GODMOTHER?
(laughs)
OKAY, WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO?
LIKE, TALK GOD TO THE FETUS?
'CAUSE I'M NOT GONNA DO THAT.
IT MEANS, YOU TAKE CARE
OF THE KID IF I DIE.
DEREK TAKES CARE
OF THE KID IF YOU DIE.
IF WE DIE, IF WE DIE.
OKAY, SO... (chuckles)
IF YOU AND DEREK ARE
IN A PLANE CRASH AND YOU DIE,
THE KID IS MINE?
YES.
I HAVE TO ADMIT,
I KINDA HOPE,
UH, YOU AND DEREK DIE,
JUST A LITTLE BIT,
SO I CAN RAISE THE KID
WITH DECENT PRIORITIES.
I HAVE PRIORITIES.
OH?
SURGERY.
OH, OKAY, THEN.
(laughs)
YOU CAN RAISE
A GOOD LITTLE SURGEON.
I TAKE IT BACK.
(door opens)
HEY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
UH, WALKING.
WE'RE IN LOCKDOWN.
YEAH, WE'RE NOT
WALKING OUTSIDE.
THAT'S NOT WHAT LOCKDOWN MEANS.
IT MEANS STAY WHERE YOU ARE.
DID YOU KNOW THAT'S WHAT IT--
NO, I THOUGHT IT MEANT--
STAY HERE. GET IN HERE.
WHAT? WHY ARE WE--
THERE'S A SHOOTER LOOSE
IN THE HOSPITAL.
WHAT?
STAY HERE. DON'T MOVE.
I'LL COME BACK AND GET YOU
WHEN IT'S CLEAR.
JUST STAY HERE. DON'T MOVE.
OKAY, YOUR PULSE
IS COMING DOWN.
WE HAVE TO CHECK
YOUR BLOOD COUNTS,
BUT I THINK
YOU'LL BE GOOD TO GO
FOR SURGERY TOMORROW.
THAT'S THE FIFTH TIME
YOU'VE CHECKED YOUR PAGER.
UH, JUST--IT'S HABIT.
DR. B...
MY HUSBAND'S LATE.
HE'S NEVER LATE, AND YOU'RE
HANGING OUT WITH ME.
YOU DON'T REALLY STRIKE ME
AS THE HANGING-OUT TYPE.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
OKAY, TH-THERE IS
A-A SITUATION.
I'M NOT EXACTLY SURE
WHAT IT IS.
BUT, UM,
HOSPITAL PROCEDURE DICTATES
THAT WHEN WE'RE ON A--
HE'S ON THE FLOOR.
WHO?
THE SHOOTER.
A SHOOT--THERE'S A SHOOTER
IN THE HOSPITAL?
OH, MY GOD.
(people screaming indistinctly)
(man) SIR, IT'S ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT?
PUT THE GUN DOWN. COME ON, MAN.
DON'T DO ANYTHING.
NO, PLEASE!
I HAVE A FAMILY!
(gunshot)
(gasps)
(man) SIR!
OH!
(gunfire)
UH, DR. PERCY, HIDE.
WHAT?
JUST HIDE. MARY, OKAY,
PLAY DEAD.
WAIT. WAIT.
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
SHH. JUST DO NOT MOVE.
DO NOT BREATHE.
DR. PERCY, GO HIDE, NOW.
(inhales deeply)
(Miranda mutters)
UM... OH.
OH. OH.
OH. THIS IS TOO MUCH.
(sniffles)
(exhales deeply)
OKAY. OKAY.
(panting)
OKAY, OKAY.
OKAY.
(object clatters)
(opens door)
(Charles) PLEASE. I--
(Gary) ARE YOU A SURGEON?
PLEASE.
ARE YOU A SURGEON?
YES, SIR.
YES, S-SIR. I AM.
OH, NO, NO. NO.
(gun cocks)
OH, NO, PLEASE.
(gunshot)
(shell casing clatters)
(groans)
(gasping)
(whimpering)
(panting)
(mouths words)
NO! NO! NO!
(cries) NO! NO!
ARE YOU--
ARE YOU A SURGEON?
(stammers)
ANSWER ME!
N-NO.
N-NO. NO.
I'M A...
A-A NURSE.
I'M--I'M A--I'M A NURSE.
I'M--I'M--I'M A NUR-NURSE.
(whimpering)
I'M SORRY...
(clip clatters)
(whimpering)
FOR THE TROUBLE...
FOR THE MESS.
(clicks)
I'M SORRY.
(gun action clicks)
(whimpering)
OH, G--OH, G--
OH, G--
(Miranda whimpers)
(exhales deeply)
(panting and grunting)
(pants)
YOU'RE DOING GREAT, ALEX.
REALLY GREAT.
NOW I NEED TO PUT IN A CHEST
TUBE. YOU WITH ME? OKAY?
NO, NO CHEST TUBE.
(gasps)
I'M OKAY.
DON'T CUT ME.
LEXIE, YOU GET
THE BETADINE READY,
AND I'LL DO THE REST, OKAY?
OKAY.
AH! AH!
OH, MY GOD.
(groans) AAH!
SHUT HIM UP. SHUT HIM UP.
OH, MY GOD.
AAH!
AH! AH!
OH, GOD. SHH.
SHH. SHH. SHH. ALEX.
(grunting)
OKAY, OKAY. UM--
AH. OW!
(screaming)
SHH.
SHUT HIM UP, LEXIE.
IF THAT GUY WITH THE GUN
HEARS THE SCREAMING,
HE'S GONNA HEAD THIS WAY.
NOW DO SOMETHING
TO SHUT HIM UP.
AAH!
OKAY, OKAY. ALEX, SHH.
I KNOW THAT IT HURTS,
BUT YOU HAVE TO BE QUIET.
OKAY?
(thud)
AAH!
LEXIE!
SHH. SHH.
(muffled screaming)
I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY. SHH.
THE BAD NEWS IS,
LESS PRIVACY.
BUT THE GOOD NEWS IS, IS THAT
YOUR BUNNY CAN MAKE FRIENDS
WITH A VERY ATTRACTIVE BEAR
FROM DOWN THE HALL.
(girl) COOL.
HEY, WATCH IT.
OH, SORRY, SORRY.
(sighs)
I THOUGHT
WE WERE GONNA BE FRIENDS.
YOU WANT TO TALK ABOUT THIS NOW?
WE'RE ON LOCKDOWN, MOVING KIDS,
GOD KNOWS WHAT'S HAPPENING,
AND YOU WANT TO TALK ABOUT THIS?
WELL, WE'RE STUCK HERE
AND WE HAVE TO BE TOGETHER,
SO, YEAH, I WANT
TO TALK ABOUT THIS.
OKAY, FINE.
I TRIED BEING FRIENDS.
RISING ABOVE--I TRIED THAT,
AND NOW I'M OVER IT.
I'M GONNA GO
THE MORE TRADITIONAL ROUTE
OF TOTALLY HATING YOUR GUTS.
(scoffs)
OKAY, CHRISTOPHER, TYLER.
TYLER, CHRISTOPHER.
YOU BOTH HATE CHICKEN. DISCUSS.
YES, I'M A VEGAN, TOO.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA,
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
I DON'T DESERVE THIS, OKAY?
I HAVE TREATED YOU WITH NOTHING
BUT RESPECT AND LOVE--
OH, NO.
SEE, THAT'S THE THING.
YOU THINK YOU HAVE,
BUT YOU HAVEN'T.
I'M SURE THAT IT FEELS GREAT
TO ACT LIKE I'M THE BAD GUY,
BUT THAT'S THE BIGGEST LOAD OF
YOU KNOW WHAT I'VE EVER HEARD.
I HAVE SPENT THE LAST MONTH
TRYING TO CONVINCE MYSELF THAT
I DON'T NEED KIDS TO BE HAPPY--
REALLY TRYING--
GIVING LECTURES TO MYSELF,
SAYING IT OUT LOUD TO YOU
AND TO MARK
AND TURNING MYSELF INSIDE OUT
TO WANT WHAT YOU WANTED.
AND THEN I STOPPED FOR A SECOND,
AND I THOUGHT,
DID YOU EVER TRY
TO IMAGINE WHAT IT WOULD
BE LIKE TO CHANGE FOR ME?
BECAUSE I DON'T THINK YOU DID.
WHAT YOU DID WAS YOU DISMISSED
MY DREAM--MY DREAM--
WHICH SAYS TO ME THAT YOU DON'T
GIVE A RAT'S ASS IF I'M HAPPY.
I NEVER UNDERSTOOD SQUAT
ABOUT WHO YOU ARE.
A NOW I DO,
AND I DON'T LIKE IT.
OH, REALLY, REALLY, REALLY?
I'M SUPPOSED TO CHANGE FOR YOU?
WHY, BECAUSE WE'RE IN LOVE?
I MEAN, BECAUSE YOU FALL IN LOVE
ALL THE TIME--MEN, WOMEN--
EXCUSE ME. DR. ROBBINS.
I DON'T FEEL GOOD.
(Mary) OH, MY--OH, MY--
(grunts) HE SHOT ME.
HE SHOT ME. I'M SHOT.
YOU ARE GOING TO BE OKAY.
MARY, OVER THERE IS S-SOME
GAUZE AND SOME SURGICAL PADS.
CAN YOU GET THEM FOR ME?
NOPE. I-I GOTTA GO.
I GOTTA GO HOME. I--
WE SHOULDN'T BE HERE.
MY HUSBAND--
I HAVE TO FIND MY HUSBAND.
AND THAT MAN, HE COULD
COME BACK IN HERE--
MARY. MARY.
YOU'RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE. OKAY?
THAT MAN IS NOT COMING BACK.
I NEED YOU
TO PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER,
BRING ME THOSE SUPPLIES.
OKAY?
(gasping and groaning)
I WAS DOING CHARTS,
AND NOW I'M SHOT?
OKAY, OKAY. YOU'RE JUST FINE.
YOU'RE JUST FINE.
AH.
THANK YOU.
OKAY. GOOD. VERY GOOD.
(whimpers)
OH, OKAY.
ALL RIGHT, MARY...
(sobs)
UH, GO OVER TO THE WINDOW,
ALL RIGHT?
AND LOOK AND SEE IF THERE'S
ANYBODY OUT THERE
THAT CAN HELP US.
(panting)
MARY, COME ON, COME ON,
COME ON. GO TO THE WINDOW NOW.
AH!
AND JUST SEE IF SOMEBODY
CAN HELP US. GO ON. GO ON.
OKAY.
(cries)
(Charles) AAH!
UM, THERE'S...
THERE'S A...
AAH!
A DEAD SECURITY GUARD.
HE'S DEAD.
AND THERE'S NO ONE ELSE
TO HELP US.
THERE'S NO ONE ELSE.
(gasps)
(groans)
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
UH, UH...
THAT'S FINE. THAT'S...
WHERE--WHERE IS THAT
WATER COMING FROM?
DR. BAILEY,
YOU'RE CRYING.
(grunting and groaning)
OH.
(mutters and sighs)
THEN, UH, M-MARY...
YOU NEED TO C-COME OVER HERE
AND WIPE MY FACE
SO THAT
I CAN KEEP WORKING.
(gasping)
OH, OKAY, OKAY.
OKAY.
(grunts and groans)
WE'RE ALL GONNA BE FINE.
(breathes heavily)
(Teddy) OKAY,
HE'S READY FOR TRANSPORT.
OKAY, JACKSON,
GET HIM UP TO I.C.U.
START WARMING HIM UP
AND DRAW AN A.B.G.--
I CAN'T, SIR.
EXCUSE ME?
WE CAN'T LEAVE HERE.
THAT'S WHAT SHEPHERD TOLD ME.
THERE'S A SHOOTER
IN THE HOSPITAL.
WE'RE SUPPOSED TO STAY HERE--
THERE'S A WHAT?
SHEPHERD SAID THAT WE'RE--
THIS PATIENT IS HYPOTHERMIC.
I NEED TO GET HIM TO AN I.C.U.,
START WARMING HIM UP BEFORE
HE STARTS TO CIRCLE THE DRAIN.
WELL, SHEPHERD SAID--
YOU DIDN'T BOTHER
TO MENTION THIS UNTIL NOW?
SHEPHERD SAID--
YOU DIDN'T BOTHER
TO TELL ME THIS UNTIL N--
WELL, SHEPHERD SAID--
YOU ALREADY TOLD ME
WHAT SHEPHERD SAID.
OKAY.
I'LL TAKE HIM UP MYSELF.
EVERYONE ELSE, STAY HERE.
I'M COMING.
NO, NO, YOU STAY PUT.
I'M A CARDIOTHORACIC SURGEON.
HE HAS A PENETRATING INJURY
TO HIS CHEST.
YOU DON'T GET A VOTE THIS TIME.
I'M COMING. LET'S GO.
OKAY.
(screaming)
HER BLOOD PRESSURE'S
90 OVER 60 AND DROPPING.
LET'S HANG SOME MORE FLUIDS.
I HAVE
THE PORTABLE ULTRASOUND.
ALL RIGHT, CHECK HER APPENDIX.
I WILL BE RIGHT BACK.
WHEN ARE YOU GONNA FORGIVE ME
FOR NOT BEING A GOOD ENOUGH
LESBIAN FOR YOU?
WHEN YOU DO SOMETHING
TO CONVINCE ME THAT
YOU'RE FALLING IN LOVE WITH ME
AND NOT WITH BEING IN LOVE.
WHEN YOU DO SOMETHING TO
CONVINCE ME THAT I'M DIFFERENT
THAN GEORGE O'MALLEY,
ERICA HAHN, MARK SLOAN
OR THE GIRL
AT THE COFFEE CART.
I MEAN, YOU HAVE A HUGE HEART,
AND I LOVE THAT ABOUT YOU.
BUT I DON'T TRUST YOU.
WHY WOULD I?
DR. ROBBINS...
HER APPENDIX...
(mouths word)
UGH.
MM.
YOU OKAY?
I'VE BEEN HURLING
EVERY DAY THIS WEEK AROUND--
YEP, RIGHT ON SCHEDULE.
OKAY, WE GOTTA
GET OUTTA HERE,
'CAUSE... UH,
I'M NOT STAYING IN HERE
AFTER YOU STINK UP THIS PLACE
WITH YOUR VOMIT.
(exhales deeply)
OH, MY GOD. OH, MY GOD.
(whispering) OH, MY GOD.
MEREDITH, GET DOWN.
(whispering) WHAT? WHAT?
SHH. SHH.
I DON'T--
SHH.
(whispering) THAT'S THE GUY
FROM THE ELEVATOR.
(whispering)
WHAT DO YOU MEAN? WHAT--
IT'S THE GUY
FROM THE ELEVATOR.
HE ASKED ME FOR DIRECTIONS,
HOW TO GET
TO THE CHIEF'S OFFICE.
I-I DON'T--I DON'T--
(lowered voice) MEREDITH,
THE GUY WITH THE GUN
IS LOOKING FOR DEREK.
(vomits)
(sirens wailing)
DR. SHEPHERD.
SIR, YOU SHOULDN'T BE HERE.
IT'S NOT SAFE.
I KNOW IT'S NOT SAFE HERE.
THAT'S THE POINT.
THIS HOSPITAL ISN'T SAFE.
YOU DON'T RECOGNIZE ME,
DO YOU?
MR. CLARK.
SORRY. I WAS--
THERE'S A LOT GOING ON HERE.
I HAVE A SITUATION.
YOU SHOULD GO SOMEPLACE SAFE
SO YOU DON'T GET HURT.
I'M ALREADY HURT.
YOU HURT ME WHEN YOU DECIDED
TO KILL MY WIFE.
(gasping)
B.P.'s 60 PALP.
HE'S LOSING A LOT OF BLOOD.
DAMN IT.
HE NEEDS A TRANSFUSION.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT WE'RE GONNA DO.
(moans)
I'LL GO.
I'LL GO GET IT.
THAT'S INSANE. I'LL GO.
NO. I DON'T--
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO.
I-I DON'T--I...
I CAN'T DO NOTHING.
ALEX...
DON'T DIE.
PLEASE DON'T DIE.
OKAY? IT'S ME.
IT'S LEXIE.
I WILL BE RIGHT BACK.
(voice breaks)
(Alex muttering indistinctly)
(door opens and closes)
HEY, SLOAN.
TRY NOT TO KILL ME.
(chuckles)
I'M DOING MY BEST.
(gasps)
(whispers indistinctly)
OH, MY GOD.
OH, GOD.
MR. CLARK.
SHUT UP. NO TALKING.
YOU'RE NOT THE MAN HERE.
I'M THE MAN.
(breathing heavily)
I TOLD MY WIFE
I WOULD BE.
I'M THE MAN...
AND A MAN
LOOKS AFTER HIS WIFE.
BUT I DIDN'T.
I LET YOU DECIDE
THAT SHE SHOULD DIE.
I WASN'T A MAN THEN.
BUT I'M A MAN NOW.
(pants)
(Cristina whispers) NO.
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
OKAY, MARY...
MARY, SEE
THE ST-STICKY CIRCLES THERE?
CAN YOU GIVE ME
THREE OF THOSE? (grunts)
AND--MARY! GIVE ME
THREE OF THOSE, PLEASE,
AND THE OTHER THINGY.
(Charles gasping)
OKAY, YEAH.
(mutters)
UM, THIS--THIS THING?
NO, NOT THAT THING.
THE OTHER THING,
WITH THE--WITH THE WIRES.
I'M DYING.
SHH. SHH.
NO, YOU'RE NOT DYING.
REALLY?
DON'T LIE TO ME.
DON'T TELL ME THAT LIE
WE TELL EVERYBODY--
"YOU'RE FINE.
YOU'RE DOING GREAT."
DON'T LIE TO ME.
PLEASE. YOU GOTTA PROMISE
TO TELL ME THE TRUTH. OKAY?
OKAY, YOU ARE NOT DYING.
IF YOU WERE,
I WOULD TELL YOU, OKAY?
OKAY.
OKAY, THAT'S THERE.
(groans)
(choking)
SHH.
YOU ARE NOT DYING.
OKAY, MARY, HOLD
DR. PERCY'S HAND, PLEASE.
(panting and groaning)
GOOD.
OKAY. OKAY.
(whispers) STAY HERE.
WHAT KIND OF HOSPITAL
IS THIS?
IT ISN'T SAFE HERE.
SOMEBODY
HAS TO PROTECT PEOPLE...
FROM YOU...
HANDING DOWN JUDGMENTS
LIKE YOU'RE GOD...
MR. CLARK, PLEASE--
YOU DON'T GET TO BE GOD.
PL--
NO TALKING!
JUST...
MR. CLARK,
LISTEN TO ME.
I KNOW YOUR LOSS.
I LOST MY FATHER...
WHEN I WAS A KID.
TWO GUYS KILLED MY FATHER
FOR HIS WATCH
RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME...
RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME.
I DIDN'T BECOME A DOCTOR
BECAUSE I WANTED TO BE GOD.
I BECAME A DOCTOR
BECAUSE I WANTED TO SAVE LIVES.
LOOK AT ME.
PLEASE.
LOOK AT ME IN THE EYE.
I'M A HUMAN BEING.
I MAKE MISTAKES.
I'M FLAWED.
WE ALL ARE.
TODAY I THINK...
FOR YOU, IS JUST A MISTAKE.
YOU WANT JUSTICE.
YOU WANT SOMEBODY TO PAY.
YOU'RE A GOOD MAN.
I CAN SEE THAT
IN YOUR EYES.
CAN YOU SEE IT IN MINE?
CAN YOU?
(exhales deeply)
OH.
OH, DR. SHEPHERD.
THANK GOD YOU'RE BACK.
♪♪♪
(mouths word)
(screams inaudibly)
♪♪♪
(woman) ♪ MAYBE I LOVE YOU ♪
(shell casing clatters)
(screaming inaudibly)
♪ MAYBE I JUST LIKE THE SOUND ♪
I LEARNED TO READ
I THE O.R. GALLERY.
I PLAYED IN THE MORGUE.
(thud echoes)
I COLORED WITH CRAYONS
ON OLD E.R. CHARTS.
♪♪♪
(screaming inaudibly)
♪ FOR ALL WE... ♪
THE HOSPITAL WAS MY CHURCH,
MY SCHOOL,
MY HOME...
MY SAFE PLACE,
MY SANCTUARY.
I LOVE IT HERE.
♪♪♪
CORRECTION--
LOVED IT HERE.